README.md, before:

# REQUIREMENT
Simple Flat File DB commandline application. Implementation provides no relation between storage objects; `8 byte`keys are only supported, or `uint64_t`. The application runs as a service.

![Screenshot](Architecture.png)



## Setup
Run `make setup`. This creates the service file for the db, and placed under `/etc/systemd/`.

## Starting
After running `make setup`, the `dbcli` service must be start. Run `make start	` to fire the service.


## Usage

`dbcli <db filename> insert <id>`

inserts the number `<id>` into the database in `<db filename>`

`dbcli <db filename> find <id>`

Search for `<id>` in the database in `<db filename>`. If found, return success exit code. If not
found return failure exit code and print a meaningful error message to stderr.

`dbcli <db filename> delete <id>`

Remove the id number `<id>` from the database `<db filename>`. If a number is removed, a
subsequent ‘find’ should fail

## Requirements
Linux hosts only. For running the `test_db.c`file, `ThrowTheSwitch Unity Framework` is needed. See `https://github.com/ThrowTheSwitch/Unity`.

Commit message:

Update to application
Redesigned with mmap file; makefile needs revision

README.md, after:

# REQUIREMENT
Implement a simple file-based database with a command-line interface for the Linux
platform. The database will consist of unique IDs (8 byte unsigned integers). The
command-line interface will allow three commands ‘insert’, ‘find’, ‘delete’.

Usage:

`dbcli <db filename> insert <id>`

inserts the number `<id>` into the database in `<db filename>`

`dbcli <db filename> find <id>`

Search for `<id>` in the database in `<db filename>`. If found, return success exit code. If not
found return failure exit code and print a meaningful error message to stderr.

`dbcli <db filename> delete <id>`

Remove the id number `<id>` from the database `<db filename>`. If a number is removed, a
subsequent ‘find’ should fail.

## Tasks
- Clone this git repository
- Implement main.c and db.c according to the requirements above.
- Implement the functions defined in db.h in db.c
- Implement the command line interface in main.c according to the requirements
  above
- Write unit tests for your db.c implementation in `test_db.c` using https://github.com/ThrowTheSwitch/Unity.
- Write a Makefile (or CMakeLists.txt) that can be used to build the executable dbcli from main.c and db.c, and run the unit tests
- Write a WRITEUP.md markdown file with a description of your submission

## Submission
Push your completed code to your personal github or bitbucket account and notify
us of the URL

### Deliverables
- `main.c` command line interface implementation
- `db.c`  database implementation
- `test_db.c` database implementation
- `Makefile` or `CMakeLists.txt` GNU makefile or CMake file to build the implementation
- `WRITEUP.md` description of your submission
